Consolidate docs (#2)
chameleon-system/sanitycheck: README.md

Chameleon System SanityCheck
============================

> SanityCheck adds diagnosis capabilities to any PHP application. By defining a range of checks, it can be ensured that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SanityCheck adds diagnosis capabilities to any PHP application. By defining a number of checks it can be ensured that
```

Author: Changed the word, but left the comma as is (see e.g. http://site.uit.no/english/punctuation/rules-for-comma-usage/ rule 4, number 3)

> requirements for running the application are met continuously. For example, available disk space, granted file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requirements for running the application are met continuously. For example available disk space, granted file
```

Author: Changed.

permissions or availability of remote systems can be checked.

> When and where these checks are performed is up to you. In an installer, from the command line or an admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When and where these checks are performed is arbitrary: In an installer, from the command line or an admin
```

> interface - just add the checks wherever they suit your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface - checks can be added wherever needed.
```
